When COVID-19 first broke out in late 2019, the world was unprepared for the far-reaching consequences of the pandemic that followed. One area that that caused concern for many was how the pandemic would impact the economy and labor market, especially moving to a more virtual world. Understanding how a pandemic can impact the labor market is crucial for employers, employees and policy makers. For this analysis, I specifically looked at the Communications, Retail, Healthcare and Hospitality industries in Colorado. I began by using the labor index data for each industry alone to build an autoregression model to use as a baseline for my analysis. I then added in the COVID-19 case counts, fatalities, and vaccines administered per 100K people aged 18+ data and built a Long Short Term Memory Model For both of these models I calculated the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) for the model. I then compared the two models to see if using the COVID-19 data decreased the RMSE across the Autoregression and LSTM models. For each Colorado industry I looked at, Communications, Retail, Healthcare and Hospitality, the RMSE was decreased in the LSTM model from the baseline Autoregression model. Although I don’t believe that COVID-19 data alone can predict the labor index for these industries, I do believe that I can say that the COVID-19 pandemic impacted each of these industries and using the data to understand the rise and fall of labor market indexes is better than not including this data. In the future I would propose a full study of all industries and expanding the study to include interactions between job industries. I believe it’s work investigating whether, for example, a decrease in Manufacturing leads to a decrease in Retail several weeks later. 
